.TH EWFTS 1 "2026-05-06" "2.0" "EWFTS Manual"
.br
.SH NAME
ewfts \- Ephemeral Wrapper for Temporary Scripts (Interactive Linear Mode)
.br
.SH SYNOPSIS
ewfts [run] <command> [args...]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
EWFTS executes an arbitrary command without modifying its arguments, then
.br
provides an interactive interface to select filesystem targets (files or
.br
directories) discovered within the provided arguments.
.br
After the command finishes execution, EWFTS performs a cleanup phase where
.br
the user-selected file or directory is deleted automatically.
.br
Unlike positional wrappers, EWFTS v2 uses linear argument scanning and
.br
interactive disambiguation rather than assuming a fixed file position.
.br
.SH MODES
.br
.TP
run
.br
Executes the command and enables interactive cleanup selection.
.br
If no mode is provided, EWFTS defaults to informational output.
.br
.SH FILE AND DIRECTORY DETECTION
.br
EWFTS scans all command-line arguments and collects any entries that exist
.br
as either files or directories in the filesystem.
.br
These are presented to the user as a numbered list:
.br
1. example.txt (File)
.br
2. project/ (Folder)
.br
The user selects one entry by index for cleanup.
.br
.SH EXECUTION MODEL
.br
EWFTS does NOT modify the command before execution.
.br
The original command is executed exactly as provided.
.br
.SH CLEANUP MODEL
.br
After execution completes:
.br
1. EWFTS waits 5 seconds (interruptible via CTRL+C)
.br
2. The user-selected target is deleted:
.br
- Files are removed using standard file deletion
.br
- Directories are removed recursively
.br
.SH EXAMPLES
.br
ewfts run cat file.txt
.br
ewfts run ls project/
.br
ewfts run python3 script.py input.txt output.txt
.br
.SH INTERACTIVE FLOW
.br
1. Command is executed normally
.br
2. EWFTS scans arguments for filesystem objects
.br
3. User is prompted to select a cleanup target
.br
4. Execution completes
.br
5. Selected file or folder is deleted
.br
.SH EXIT STATUS
.br
0   Success
.br
1   Error (invalid input, non-integer selection, out-of-range selection,
.br
or execution failure)
.br
.SH SEE ALSO
.br
shutil(3), os(3), subprocess(3), python3(1)
.br
.SH AUTHOR
.br
kban3108-max <https://github.com/kban3108-max>
.br
